you can well it's the end of day three
of the world's group stage I'm joined
right now by world's host Avila Maine
with coverage presented by you Gigi talk
a little bit about the stuff because she
you know she she's done enough
interviews this world so where she kind
of started she was like I need to be
interviewed so now I don't know what you
wanted in this interview but now we're
here what you told me that you wanted to
do an interview do you not want to do an
interview I thought yes sorry I told her
I want to do an interview
how's world's been for you I feel I feel
very misled I rushed down here for this
but I mean that you know this was my
first world and it was the first time I
was doing it I can't believe that they
actually let me do it so it's been
freaking amazing and I've learned so
much and I've talked to so many cool
players so I've just kind of been blown
away by the entire experience and I'm
super set the the joke by the way was
that you wanted me to do the interview
with you that was the joke that I was
going for in the beginning that you had
tricked me into anyway so you talk too
easy let's go back and what that how was
that it was really great I got a little
nervous there have been a lot of
interviews that I was super nervous for
and I had a couple word fumbles but I
think overall I did an okay job
he's very human he's great he's great
you don't have to be nervous in front of
Suze okay Travis listen Baker's probably
not humid so I could understand there's
around him but you see I think you're
okay with okay actually I'd literally
just interviewed me and I said like
there's a lot of people like he's he's
getting hyped up so much this world's
that like I feel like we need some
knowledge of how he's human and he was
saying well he calls us all down before
the game is by singing and doing dolphin
noises so like that help that should
help you if you interview him again how
much sleep did you get last night I'm
not jealous at all I'm doing fine oh
that's that's a true story
he actually said that being said that
about music yeah okay cool cool he does
often noises shocks does a way better
one shocks is a way better one yes so
how have you been doing in
Korea house Korea for you Cree's been
interesting I got super nervous kind of
I went into super super over prep mode
for world's where I was just I just
wanted to know absolutely everything
about each of the teams especially for
plans since it was you know a lot of
teams that not everyone really knew
about so I haven't seen much of Korea
yet but tomorrow I'm gonna be starting
to go out and explore everything foods
great though so talk to me a little bit
about how worlds has been freebies we
talked about this at the beginning of
the year you really wanted to do this
event and work at it so what has it been
like for you I mean when we talked about
doing it at the beginning of the year I
just kind of like haha laughed it off
because I didn't think it was gonna
happen this is still my first year of
working with the riot broadcast and
working for the ride broadcast and
basically doing anything on camera I
started with you last January ish so
yeah it's been like about a year and a
half year two so I didn't think that's
gonna happen so to me this entire thing
has been nothing but a freaking dream
school and unfortunately today is their
last day on broadcast though right yeah
just on broadcast I'm sticking around
for the entirety of world's gonna be
bringing you some more coverage for
another media party that you don't want
me to say the name of I'm okay with you
saying I don't say the name of it okay
I'm doing stuff with you as p.m. so
we'll be facing off this is gonna be the
first time where we're gonna be fighting
for interviews so now it's like the
student has become the master and you're
just gonna be like asking so what was
the entire experience like for you and
I'm just gonna be like wow well let me
tell you something
Jennsen cuz cloud9 just won the entire
world championship yes it was such an
important moment for you I'm worried for
you
I know this is your first world to put
let me tell you that's not how this ever
heads okay it's not that you don't get
to do World Championship interviews with
na teams I am going to freaking you know
what that's what they said about
detonation focused me they said awfully
you're never going to get an interview
in with Japan because they're not going
to win and guess what they got out of
playing groups for the first time in
world's history yeah but you were you
were implying that Jensen you would win
all of worlds I stand by that decision
you saw blabber he's he's a can't
control him but
that's that's just the kind of passion
we're filming this right after a c9 loss
so the end of day three they know that
we tried all right you you have been
around some of the other hosts and
interviewers because shocks is now here
and I've seen you doing a bunch of
social media updates with Candice from
LPL what's what's like hanging out with
those guys
so shocks just flew in to Korea a couple
days ago and she's taken a couple days
to adjust but just the few hours that I
spent with her during show today I have
learned so much like almost more than
I've learned in the past couple of
months just in terms of preparing
questions in terms of proper talking to
players how do you even phrase questions
words that I should be careful about
using sometimes because it trips me up
so she is freaking out of this world and
Candice I met her for the not for the
first time but like the first time that
I really got to interact with her she's
so nice and she's so funny
and I just I just want to be her best
friend and I just want to follow her
travel the world with her maybe you
could do that that would be a good
series for you you just want more
content I don't I mean you could put it
on a different Channel I'm just saying
that would be a travel series with the
two of you what would be quite fun I'm
interested anything with eSports and
food she would just it would be okay to
slowly goes insane over the course of
traveling the world I Drive a lot of
people crazy I can attest to that all
right speaking of that how are you I I
think I'm pretty good I had I mean I was
telling you everything when I first
started at Worlds where I was very
overwhelmed with oh my gosh am i doing a
good job is this how it should be done
because everyone's in LA my main sources
I couldn't just you know walk over to
them and be like tell me what I'm doing
wrong or tell me if I'm doing something
okay so it was it was very much me just
kind of like monitoring and dealing with
myself
yeah any highlights of the world's
experience for you so far whoa oh my
gosh there's
and there's no no no I mean like clearly
the win for vitality that was a fun
interview which is ookay because no one
thought they were gonna do it and they
pulled off the win he pulled out his
freakin echo they went like 45 minutes
or something and then they ended up
going through the it was so exciting so
I mean that was a crazy moment and I
loved that definitely talking to the
Japanese players on detonation focused
me and seeing how passionate they were
about showing their own playstyles
Cirrus bringing out his own Heimerdinger
and just stomping on people there's so
many I'm just this entire thing was a
highlight and everything was so as well
looking for the rest of your coverage
but I know you have a shuttle to catch
you said I had exactly 14 minutes and
how long is the rent on this video so
far you were really stressed you were
like we got to get out here and now
you're singing from you the taxi taxi
the last day I can expense it here do
you want do well hopefully your new
employer is your day Travis I know I
know
you're really the man behind the
microphone and I'm sure you want someone
to ask you how are you doing
well n/a seems to be unable to get more
than one win in a day which is really
frustrating to me and teamliquid is 0-2
that is also really frustrating to me so
a little frustrated I was saying but I
don't have had some good interviews you
know I talked to some and burlier he
speaks English a little bit so that was
fun I just want more people to click on
the other videos on my channel that
would be helpful so if you could do that
that would be nice I can try to do that
I actually got a really good interview
with doublelift today after their loss I
think they're gonna air it tomorrow
during countdown or something but I
thought I thought that was really good
and I'm looking forward to that so they
knew you were leaving the broadcast so
they're like quick get as much of her
footage as we can people won't know
she's got if we just get her you're like
Cathy I've been having me do all these
interviews are the players and none of
them have aired you guys I don't know
what the deal is they're just gonna
pretend you're still here I'm gonna can
i humblebrag self brag really fast I've
been I was kind of super proud
myself because I've felt comfortable and
I've been able to I feel like grab
players like the doublelift interview
that wasn't planned I've had a bunch of
interviews with like reapered or with
some of the other coaches that none of
them were planned but I kind of
interview reapered I feel like reapered
is 50% of your interviews I've noticed
he's like one of my favorite people now
yeah I can't I didn't say that I'm not
biased but he gives a really fun
interviews because he just shits on his
team
but yeah so I've been I've been like
kind of producing some of my own
interviews so I feel super cool about
that what's cool about now they have all
of them for the next week or so
we lost no no I just I mean like the
riot has a interview so yeah yeah what
else do you want to ask me you're just
holding the microphone in front of my
face I don't I don't know if you have
anything that's an interviewer tactic if
you hold the microphone in front of
their face long enough they're gonna say
something yeah like with what's the next
question I would love to know the next
question from you please we're gonna
miss your shuttle I am gonna miss my
shuttle
Travis is there anything that you'd like
to say to your fans out there yeah
thanks so much for the interview awfully
really appreciate it you can check out
the rest of my coverage here on my
youtube channel please click the other
links
uggg there in the description
twitch prime it's fun fun thing you
didn't you might not know this but if
you have to a crime you could just click
use it to subscribe to my channel
twitch.tv/esa I've asked aford people
are actually gonna do that I know
they're actually gonna do it I'm
stealing all of your stuff from you look
the competition has started already do
you have any last things you want to ask
me no well I'm gonna say thank you to
all the people because all of you guys
have been sticking around on Travis's
channel for absolutely forever I'm not
talking about anime I'm trying to give a
heartfelt I know I'm trying to give a
heartfelt message but I know a lot of
you people have been watching me grow
from this awkward little goober into the
slightly larger bigger goober that I am
now and I just finished my first day of
worlds or at my last day of my first
time doing worlds I'm super happy and
thanks Travis for teaching me things
subscribe to Travis and click on uggg
cut cut this is my seventh world's now
and one of the coolest things about
worlds is the the ability to travel and
just enjoy new things you know it's
really easy sometimes to say inside our
comfort zones but if you venture out you
sometimes find that you can have
experiences you never expected success
you never anticipated and that's why you
know sometimes you're in champion select
you you got a venture outside your
comfort zone you got to try a new
champion because maybe the one you've
been playing you've been losing on you
know and and guess what I got a great
way for you to make an educated decision
about what champion go to the link in
the description right now
uggg they're our sponsor for worlds and
you can uh you can you can type in a
champion there you can learn all about
it maybe that's the champion you need to
take on the next adventure or journey
and your life because let's let's face
it like things you need something new I
don't I don't want to make this personal
but listen the whole point is you know
Gigi will make sure you never lose
champion select again they're sponsoring
her stuff it's super helpful click the
link below check about super helpful for
me thanks so much